the girag and experience and he has with
your body
Gordon learn how to fight yeah Stephen
oh right I thought that God did play
football this whole time Jesus what team
is he I know I know
LeBron James basketball here's what I
know that Sports is whatever Tom told if
you don't watch anything that's why that
no I like tennis I like ladies golf
these do yeah everyday isn't gay come on
is that the case that I've heard that
said before what's that that ladies golf
is like a lot of K chicks I think it's a
I think there's a little bit of support
hunters yeah of course always do there's
the sticks thing is there's difference
what this is trying today there's
definitely just loves angry on Twitter
that's what it is okay like okay you're
my Twitter I don't know who watches
ladies golf I'm not sure what the oh
there are many offers that are golfers
yes so essentially just a bunch of
Lesbos yeah don't stare each other are
it's amazing a good luck man well it's
one of the few groups that lesbians
available to really grow like lesbians
can they have a hard time getting a
community yes you know like gay dudes
have massive communities all over the
country like just parts of the
Tenderloin and yes if you go to the
Santa Monica area yeah that's all West
Hollywood Santa Monica Boulevard area
there are days they've they've they've
all conglomerated they know where the
party's at and my my yeah but dead
fucking that place on Hollywood
Boulevard though the West on Santa
Monica Boulevard at West Hollywood spot
that is the gayest spot on earth I'm
sorry which one what's that area that
whole area while you drive in Santa
Monica is that is that Club rage still
there I think yes I don't go everywhere
that's the flagship club that's the one
that's on the big that was the one
that's I think you know where Doheny is
I was coming down to Haney and I'm at
the red light there and it was a
Saturday night and it was fucking
beautiful weather and everybody was out
it was a gay party on the streets man
yeah there's these two dudes and they
both have their hands their fingers
looped into each other's belt loops and
they were like interlocked like kind of
scissoring
just grinding dicks together like I can
only wash this a certain amount of time
before some day slips into I gotta get
out of here like this it was like a
fucking bomb had been you know yeah I
did no get outside the blast radius just
like just a gay bomb here but they're so
happy they're all so happy as fuck joy
well we used to look next to a bear bar
in Silver Lake so you'd have to walk
past the bear bar to get to Trader Joe's
oh well that's a specific type is so
wonderful and so like you know Tuesday
nights is like rimjob Tuesday's job
Tuesday big sign out phone its rimjob
Tuesdays and they had a cute rooster in
the back and like these guys just party
the party love why you'd hear like you
drive bike you could have be having like
they're like the most quiet lame kind of
night you're like nothing going on yeah
and as you pulled up you're like you're
like all their dicks grinding and like
you're like uh neighborhood is alive
right now
and the best part there was a security
guard that would stand out oh yeah but
because he was in front of a gay bar you
didn't know if it was just a costume the
first time you see me like guys going on
out tonight he's like get a mustache
yeah very few to pull off the john
stossel yeah fat thick upper mustard
awesome I commit to them and strange
yeah okay I was wrong with that because
people usually mock the mustache no or
they Rock the ironic mustache Movember
yeah yeah but in the gay community it's
like yo fuckin I'm down yeah you I saw a
guy the other day it was beautiful
we had Timbaland's on and he had cutoff
jean shorts and he had like uh like one
of those leather Scalli caps on and he
had a jean jacket that was sleeveless
nice lad he was funny Santa that's light
and this was like right after I worked
in San Francisco um San Francisco Greg
Fitzsimmons yeah Greg Fitzsimmons
fucking killed me he got on stage and he
goes this is the last city where there's
real faggot guy with leather pants and a
handlebar mustache Oh
my disguise he gave fucking crush to
because it was so true yeah he's
unabashed animals yeah that's fun and
fun really like if you that guy man you
described like if if if cock was a
company that's the chairman and CEO of
cock Kimball and charge what the fluffy
socks you know the style yeah scrunch
down and the timberlands like open and
he's got cutoff jean shorts in a jean
jacket he he was just so gay yeah
sleeveless San Francisco no this was
this one Santa Monica Santa Monica yeah
this one the the gayest guy are on earth
yes said the only one that comes close
to him I was in Houston once and I fine
I wanted it I'd want to congratulate
this guy what the way he was rocking it
but I didn't want to offend him yet I
let it go but he had leg warmers on
mm-hmm
there were rainbow that's already
rainbow colored leg long warmers on and
he had these little designer like they
looked like some odd tennis shoe type
thing that he was wearing some very
trendy tennis shoe and then he had these
boys gym shorts he's bought remember
those gym shorts used to wear do blue
with the white stripe and they were way
too small they were way too small okay
and he's a frail man as it is and then
he had a pink skin tight shirt and a
some crazy multicolored bandana and as
he was working out he's working out like
this like grunting dad
leg warmers man this is the gayest man's
ever walk yes they are absolutely this
guy if he got together with the other
guy they would create a black hole okay
homosexuality yeah it would eat its way
through the cement eat some and spit
come back at you would be a sinkhole of
gaben slipped fell into it you'd fall
fall prey to the game you saw something
which one lived in Sanford she lives in
San Francisco
I went to college that she definitely
saw the gayest thing you can see which
one I saw during the you said
during the parade one time you saw a guy
two guys fucking on the corner yeah on
on the street just on the street like
psychiatrists or Abed it's if you see
guys but fucking on this Krieger be like
that's the gay straight out you'll never
forget that streak at that moment it's
one of the gayest streets on our Shore
but I think it was during the Folsom
Street Fair and all and all so that
that's like the gay Mardi Gras when I
find straight yeah I like to limit it to
fairs don't bring your kids people in
the fuck on the street during a fair
you're a real gangster yeah out there
just fucking oh yeah
oh Jesus you're a part of the problem oh
hey remember at the the bear gym in our
old neighborhood yeah that's some guys
so this thing also American culture is
they these big guys they also like to
build their Musk yes and that's another
part of it and Tommy one time I think
you were downwind of a guy once your fan
was behind him or something fuck man
and you could smell his like it was so
strong it wasn't like gym smell strong
it was like a personal body odor that
you know you could just tell what
someone's be OHS kicking butt was it
kicking because he was dirty we
cultivate past it yeah yeah it was it
was a definitely a I haven't showered in
like it in a while maybe it's to ward
off the smell of shit while you're
fucking you ever think about that I
think it is I mean there's gotta be such
a pride get such pride about his Musk I
could just tell like the way he was like
right picking up what I'm puttin out
there right now like look about him but
is John Rhea suspicious right I imagine
that some people were walking through
the gym that day like thanks brother
like thanks for putting us out here cuz
you got me fired up they got me ready to
do some squats I'm all fucker smell good
damn yeah there's different levels of
like gay guys too right what they're
into like some guys into other like
crazy big gay guys yeah I can some guys
they're like twinks is a tiny little
bull hairless yeah that's his dude that
I shave it down brother but I knew that
was a producer type character so wealthy
character that I always had like these
young boys with them they were always
like just 20 years old a little confused
like
that's I know a well-known comical I'm
the only no well yeah that's true I know
several yeah that's a sort of uh that's
kind of a type there's all types there's
otters Kotter's what's an otter no I
believe an otter young it's a tall
slender hairless is an order as opposed
to a big hairy fat which is a bear and a
younger bear is actually a cub right a
cub so bears go with Cubs and Cubs are
just smaller oh and more that was
malleable but now I heard that the word
twink is becoming taboo away that bag is
kind of not cool to say I think twink is
starting to becoming Oh everybody's
fired up about guys I think we stop
there to try those you know well here's
what happened so you know Andy Cohen on
Bravo I think he went on some other show
and he's like oh look at all these
twinks here and then the twink community
got really upset and started talking and
and so he apologized oh god but isn't he
gay and yes so yeah I saw it oh but um
he apologized to the twins everybody is
just looking for an opportunity to be
sensitive yes we are in such a weird
time it is well it's like people have
found reward in like pointing at like
hot-button things like that like hey you
know at the community we do not really
being offended it was all organized yeah
you know who else is fuckin super
annoying and like it this I mean this
one's way different level of like how
fuckin what assholes they are is this
like 1 million moms what it's just like
we're mothers that are Christian that
want to raise fuckin great kids and like
but we're complete completely bigoted
discriminatory assholes they publicly
lash out for the this is like the second
or third time at jcpenney
we're having Ellen DeGeneres spokesman
they're like you realize that none of us
are ever going to shop there again
confuted you hired Ellen to be like that
kind of shit like and they got really
mad about her latest Christmas
commercial with elves no like you have
fucking a gay woman with elves what's
gonna fucking happen next like that
autonomy that's a good point yeah I mean
what would happen what will happen
there's the lesbians an elf
lesbians mixing up with magical
creatures
that's okay she could be crazy nothing
like what if they like develop some way
if they have a nefarious intention so
they developed some sort of lesbian
picture right sprayed over a city while
they're flying around and your kids
because mom's lesbians yeah we got a
bunch of miniature gay elves running
around listen man you mock no I wondered
as a lesbian community have these genres
I don't know I don't oh yeah yeah they
have lipstick lesbian a bunch yeah Fred
Flintstone looking lesbo lipsticks the
best right yeah I got into you I'm here
yeah the lipsticks definitely monstrous
yeah so Hunter Pio and the other ones
are intimidating especially if they want
to fight yeah they're not always good at
shows either good want to arguably the
best this is a humor know they can they
can be cool for me they can be cool they
can be of course like it's like you
can't really generalize a whole no even
sexual orientations not yeah I've met a
lot of cool ass man me too yeah it agree
I've got a lot of annoying straight
people too yeah everybody sucks no way
god damn it that's true that's sort of
the anti positive approach everybody's
got their own special gift everybody
sucks in their own way that shit to the
dark blue trail hilarious and so true
you
[Music]